Document labels, annotations and taints for JobSet (#47383)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

[Pod Priority](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/).
{{< /note >}}

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name

Type: Label, Annotation

Example:  `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name: "my-jobset"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

> This label/annotation is used to store the name of the JobSet to which a Job or Pod belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This label/annotation is used to store the name of the JobSet that a Job or Pod belongs to.
```

[JobSet](https://jobset.sigs.k8s.io) is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas: "5"`

Used on: ReplicatedJobs

This label/annotation specifies the number of replicas for a ReplicatedJob.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name: "my-replicatedjob"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

> This label/annotation stores the name of the ReplicatedJob that this Job or Pod is part of.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This label or annotation stores the name of the replicated job that this Job or Pod is part of.
```

> This label/annotation is used to index into a Job's labels and retrieve the name of the parent ReplicatedJob.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This label/annotation stores the name of the ReplicatedJob that this Job or Pod is part of.
```

Author: Sure, I will update this.

Author: done. PTAL !!

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index: "0"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label/annotation is set by the JobSet controller on child Jobs and Pods. It contains the index of the Job replica within its parent ReplicatedJob.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key=0f1e93893c4cb372080804ddb9153093cb0d20cefdd37f653e739c232d363feb`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

> This label/annotation is set by the JobSet controller on child Jobs and Pods of a JobSet. The value will be the SHA256 hash of the namespaced Job name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The JobSet controller sets this label (and also an annotation with the same key)  on child Jobs and
Pods of a JobSet. The value is the SHA256 hash of the namespaced Job name.
```

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology: "zone"`

Used on: JobSets, ReplicatedJobs

> You can set this label/annotation on a [JobSet](https://jobset.sigs.k8s.io) or a ReplicatedJob template to ensure exclusive job placement per topology group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set this label/annotation on a [JobSet](https://jobset.sigs.k8s.io) to ensure exclusive Job
placement per topology group. You can also define this label or annotation on a replicated job
template. Read the documentation for JobSet to learn more.
```

Author: I will update this soon

[Pod Priority](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/).
{{< /note >}}

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name

Type: Label, Annotation

Example:  `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name: "my-jobset"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label/annotation is used to store the name of the JobSet to which a Job or Pod belongs.
[JobSet](https://jobset.sigs.k8s.io) is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas: "5"`

Used on: ReplicatedJobs

This label/annotation specifies the number of replicas for a ReplicatedJob.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name: "my-replicatedjob"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label/annotation is used to index into a Job's labels and retrieve the name of the parent ReplicatedJob.

> ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Author: ohh sorry, i missed it !!

> ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Author: I have removed it. PTAL!!

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index: "0"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label/annotation is set by the JobSet controller on child Jobs and Pods. It contains the index of the Job replica within its parent ReplicatedJob.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key=0f1e93893c4cb372080804ddb9153093cb0d20cefdd37f653e739c232d363feb`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label/annotation is set by the JobSet controller on child Jobs and Pods of a JobSet. The value will be the SHA256 hash of the namespaced Job name.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology: "zone"`

Used on: JobSets, ReplicatedJobs

You can set this label/annotation on a [JobSet](https://jobset.sigs.k8s.io) or a ReplicatedJob template to ensure exclusive job placement per topology group.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector-strategy=true`

> Used on: Jobs ,Pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used on: Jobs, Pods
```

Author: I have updated it also PTAL!!

[Pod Priority](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/).
{{< /note >}}

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name

Type: Label, Annotation

Example:  `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name: "my-jobset"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label/annotation is used to store the name of the JobSet that a Job or Pod belongs to.

> [JobSet](https://jobset.sigs.k8s.io) is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: It's definitely used as a label _and_ as an annotation?

Reviewer: Yes, most of these are set as both a label and annotation (see [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/b92cbdcbe77f168a82cf12c9f349bdd053d2ae5c/pkg/controllers/jobset_controller.go#L722)).

Reviewer 2: Odd, but let's document actual behavior.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas: "5"`

> Used on: ReplicatedJobs

Reviewer 2: Is there definitely an API kind named ReplicatedJob? If so, what API group would I find this in?

This label/annotation specifies the number of replicas for a ReplicatedJob.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name: "my-replicatedjob"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label or annotation stores the name of the replicated job that this Job or Pod is part of.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index: "0"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

> This label/annotation is set by the JobSet controller on child Jobs and Pods. It contains the index of the Job replica within its parent ReplicatedJob.

Reviewer 2: Is there definitely an API kind named ReplicatedJob? If so, what API group would I find this in?

Reviewer: There's no ReplicatedJob API, it is just part of the JobSet API: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/b92cbdcbe77f168a82cf12c9f349bdd053d2ae5c/api/jobset/v1alpha2/jobset_types.go#L85

Reviewer 2: OK, this needs fixing.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key

Type: Label, Annotation

> Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key=0f1e93893c4cb372080804ddb9153093cb0d20cefdd37f653e739c232d363feb`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key: 0f1e93893c4cb372080804ddb9153093cb0d20cefdd37f653e739c232d363feb`
```

This doesn't look right. Is `0f1e93893c4cb372080804ddb9153093cb0d20cefdd37f653e739c232d363feb` definitely a valid label value? It looks longer than is allowed.

Reviewer: It is, we set the value as the SHA256 hash of the namespaced job name [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/b92cbdcbe77f168a82cf12c9f349bdd053d2ae5c/pkg/controllers/jobset_controller.go#L733).

Reviewer 2: OK, but a SHA256 hash is 64 UTF-8 (or ASCII) characters, and conformant label values are [documented](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set) as being up to 63 characters long.

Something doesn't add up. Maybe there's an off-by-one in the API server (I hope not).

Reviewer: Sorry, it's SHA1 not SHA256, my mistake. So it's only 40 characters.

Reviewer 2: OK. Minor docs bug then; we can merge this with or without a fix (still would need a post-merge fixup).

Used on: Jobs, Pods

The JobSet controller sets this label (and also an annotation with the same key)  on child Jobs and
Pods of a JobSet. The value is the SHA256 hash of the namespaced Job name.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology

Type: Label, Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology: "zone"`

> Used on: JobSets, ReplicatedJobs

Reviewer 2: Is there definitely an API kind named ReplicatedJob? If so, what API group would I find this in?

Reviewer 3: There is no API kind named ReplicatedJob, but the annotation can be used on the JobTemplate defined inside the ReplicatedJob struct

Reviewer 2: OK, so `Used on:` would be **JobSet, Job** I think.
 JobTemplate is also not an API kind (unlike say the unusual case of PodTemplate)

You can set this label/annotation on a [JobSet](https://jobset.sigs.k8s.io) to ensure exclusive Job
placement per topology group. You can also define this label or annotation on a replicated job
template. Read the documentation for JobSet to learn more.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector

Type: Label, Annotation

> Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector-strategy=true`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector-strategy: "true"`
```

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label/annotation can be applied to a JobSet. When it's set, the JobSet controller modifies the Jobs and their corresponding Pods by adding node selectors. This ensures exclusive job placement per topology domain, restricting the scheduling of these Pods to specific nodes based on the strategy.

> ### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/<name>
```
or potentially

```suggestion
### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/<name> {#deprecated}
```

(because **all** alpha.\*.k8s.io and alpha.\*.kubernetes.io label domains are deprecated, in that the entire approach is no longer recommended)

Reviewer 2: Ideally, also mention that this label / annotation typically has at least one underscore in the key.

Reviewer: I don't understand this suggestion, the label is `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job` not  `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/<name>` (see [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/b92cbdcbe77f168a82cf12c9f349bdd053d2ae5c/api/jobset/v1alpha2/jobset_types.go#L51)). Can you clarify?

Reviewer 2: Ah, so maybe this bit is correct and https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/47383/files#r1807771771 is wrong? I'll assume that's the case and resolve this comment.

Type: Annotation, Label

> Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/default_myjobset-replicatedjob-0`

Reviewer 2: There should be a value for the label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job: default_myjobset-replicatedjob-0`
```

Reviewer 2: As an aside, this will run into name length issues. The JobSet and Namespace can both have names that are up to 63 characters long, so the concatenation won't always fit into a label value.

(but not really relevant to this PR).

Reviewer: Sorry, it's SHA1 not SHA256, my mistake. So it's only 40 characters.

[Pod Priority](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/).
{{< /note >}}

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name

> Type: Label

Reviewer: All of these are used as both labels and annotations (except the taint).

Author: okay i will register for both labels and annotation

Example:  `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name: "my-jobset"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

This label is used to store the name of the JobSet to which a Job or Pod belongs.

> JobSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: Make the word "JobSet" a link to the JobSet github repo for readers who are unfamiliar with it

Author: sure I will link that.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas

Type: Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas: "5"`

Used on: ReplicatedJobs

This annotation specifies the number of replicas for a ReplicatedJob.

> ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: Remove this sentence, it is not accurate

Author: okay i will remove it

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name

Type: Label

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name: "my-replicatedjob"`

Used on: Jobs

This label is used to index into a Job's labels and retrieve the name of the parent ReplicatedJob.
ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index

Type: Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index: "0"`

Used on: Jobs

> This annotation stores the index of the Job within the ReplicatedJob.
> ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This label/annotation is set by the JobSet controller on child Jobs and Pods. It contains the index of the Job replica within its parent ReplicatedJob.
```

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key

> Type: Label

Reviewer: Also used as annotation

Author: okay i will register this as annotation also

> Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key: "my-job-key"`

Reviewer: replace "my-job-key" with a SHA256 hash

Author: sure l will replace it

Used on: Jobs

> This label provides a unique key for the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This label/annotation is set by the JobSet controller on child Jobs and Pods of a JobSet. The value will be the SHA256 hash of the namespaced Job name.
```

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology

Type: Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology: "zone"`

Used on: JobSets, ReplicatedJobs

You can set this annotation on a JobSet or a ReplicatedJob template to ensure exclusive job placement per topology group.

> JobSet and ReplicaSet are extension APIs that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: remove this sentence and make the word `JobSet` a link to the jobset repo

Author: sure

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector

Type: Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector-strategy=true`

> Used on: JObs ,Pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used on: Jobs ,Pods
```

Author: uff my bad!! i will fix it.

> This annotation acts as a flag. When set, the JobSet controller injects nodeSelectors for the `JobSetNameKey` label (e.g., `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name`) to ensure exclusive job placement per topology.

Reviewer 2: I think we could tidy the explanation here.

Author: This annotation acts as a flag. When it's set, the JobSet controller adds nodeSelectors for the `JobSetNameKey` label (like `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name`), so jobs are placed according to a specific topology.

Author: @sftim  it would be better or not ?

Reviewer 2: What does the JobSet controller mutate based on this annotation?
- JobSets
- Jobs
- Pods
?

It's not clear.

Author: got it your point @sftim , I will update this accordingly.

Author: I have update this accordingly. Now, i think is clear. PTAL!!

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job

Type: Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job: "true"`

Used on: Jobs

> This annotation indicates that the job is namespaced.

Reviewer 2: Are any Jobs _not_ namespaced?

Reviewer: This annoation is actually used to store the namespaced Job name - @Adarsh-verma-14 can you fix this?

Author: sure I will fix it @danielvegamyhre

Author: I have fixed it cloud you check it is fine now ?

> Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job:my-jobset-replicatedjob-A-0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/default_myjobset-replicatedjob-0`
```

see https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/main/pkg/controllers/jobset_controller.go#L804

Also, the format of child job names for JobSets is: `{jobset}-{replicatedJob}-{jobIndex}`

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/no-schedule

Type: Taint

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/no-schedule: NoSchedule`

Used on: Nodes

The JobSet controller uses this taint to support its node labeling exclusive placement strategy.
JobSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/coordinator

> Type: Annotation, Label

Reviewer 2: Is this true?

Reviewer 2: If nothing uses it as a label, let's only register the annotation.

Author: sure, I will  register only for annotation.

Author: This code snippet:https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/3d49ae718d1842940557d66f932feab33387b075/pkg/controllers/jobset_controller.go#L746 
this shows that the jobset.sigs.k8s.io/coordinator key is indeed being applied as both a label and an annotation in the JobSet.

Author: so it is better to register for both. what's your POV ?

Reviewer 2: Odd design, but sure. Let's document how it actually works.

> JobSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: I notice here you mention "JobSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster" but not in any other taint/label/annotation descriptions.

I think it would make more sense to delete this and instead make the word "JobSet" a link to https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset

Author: sure i will add link for Jobset

> Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/coordinator: "coordinator-endpoint"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/coordinator: "myjobset-workers-0-0.headless-svc"`
```

Author: okay i will replace with endpoint.

[Pod Priority](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/).
{{< /note >}}

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name

Type: Label

Example:  `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name: "my-jobset"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

> This label is used to store the name of the JobSet to which a job or pod belongs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This label is used to store the name of the JobSet to which a Job or Pod belongs.
JobSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: I have done this change as suggested.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas

Type: Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-replicas: "5"`

Used on: ReplicatedJobs

> This annotation specifies the number of replicas for a ReplicatedJob.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation specifies the number of replicas for a ReplicatedJob.
ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: I have done this change as suggested.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name

Type: Label

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/replicatedjob-name: "my-replicatedjob"`

Used on: Jobs

> This label is used to index into a job's labels and retrieve the name of the parent ReplicatedJob.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This label is used to index into a Job's labels and retrieve the name of the parent ReplicatedJob.
ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: I have done this change as suggested

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index

Type: Annotation

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-index: "0"`

Used on: Jobs

>  This annotation stores the index of the job within the ReplicatedJob.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation stores the index of the Job within the ReplicatedJob.
ReplicatedJob is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: I have done this change as suggested

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key

Type: Label

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/job-key: "my-job-key"`

Used on: Jobs

This label provides a unique key for the job.

> ### job-name

Reviewer 4: This is already defined as part of the job api labels/annotations.

> ### job-name
> 
> Type: Label
> 
> Example: `job-name: "my-job"`
> 
> Used on: Jobs
> 
> This label stores the name of the job.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is not in the namespace `kubernetes.io` or `k8s.io`, so we'd omit it.

Author: I have removed it in case any need to change let me know.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology

Type: Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-topology: "zone"`

Used on: JobSets, ReplicatedJobs

>  This annotation can be set on a JobSet or a ReplicatedJob template to ensure exclusive job placement per topology group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set this annotation on a JobSet or a ReplicatedJob template to ensure exclusive job placement per topology group.
JobSet and ReplicaSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: I have done this change as suggested.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector

Type: Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/node-selector: ""`

Used on: JobSets

> This annotation acts as a flag. When set, the JobSet controller injects nodeSelectors for the JobSetNameKey label to ensure exclusive job placement per topology.

Reviewer 2: What's a JobSetNameKey?

Author: JobSetNameKey is the label key that identifies the JobSet to which a job belongs. Specifically, it is the label `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name`.

Author: I have update this if need to improvement let me know.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job

Type: Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/namespaced-job: "true"`

Used on: Jobs

This annotation indicates that the job is namespaced.

### alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/no-schedule

Type: Annotation

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/no-schedule: "true"`

Used on: Jobs

> This annotation prevents the job from being scheduled.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is right. You can suspend a Job or set scheduling gates on a Pod, but I don't see how or whether this annotation influences those things.

Reviewer: This is used as a taint for the node labeling exclusive placement strategy ([link](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/8ab973806b2e7950fcd6f4bdb3731866265425ee/pkg/controllers/jobset_controller.go#L685))

> Type: Annotation
> 
> Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/no-schedule: "true"`
> 
> Used on: Jobs
> 
> This annotation prevents the job from being scheduled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Type: Taint

Example: `alpha.jobset.sigs.k8s.io/no-schedule: NoSchedule`

Used on: Nodes

The JobSet controller uses this taint to support its node labeling exclusive placement strategy.
JobSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.
```

(aside: I'd rename this to `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-use` or `jobset.kubernetes.io/exclusive-use`)

Author: I have done this changes but is there need to change name (jobset.sigs.k8s.io/exclusive-use or jobset.kubernetes.io/exclusive-use) let me know.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-controller

Type: Label

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-controller: "jobset-controller"`

Used on: Jobs

> This label is used for the `managedBy` field to indicate that the job is managed by the built-in JobSet controller.

Reviewer: Tim is correct, we can remove this.

### jobset.sigs.k8s.io/coordinator

Type: Annotation, Label

Example: `jobset.sigs.k8s.io/coordinator: "coordinator-endpoint"`

Used on: Jobs, Pods

> This annotation/label is used on Jobs and Pods to store a stable network endpoint where the coordinator pod can be reached if the JobSet spec defines the `.spec.coordinator` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation/label is used on Jobs and Pods to store a stable network endpoint where the coordinator
pod can be reached if the JobSet spec defines the `.spec.coordinator` field.
JobSet is an extension API that you can deploy into your Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: I have done this change as suggested.
